XVII - LEGACY OF DE RUNE FAMILY
♪♪♪
(MAIN THEME PLAYING)
- SOPHIA: Feels higher each time.
(CHUCKLES)
- AMICIA: Sophia... You came!
- SOPHIA: Of course, I wouldn't miss this.
Careful, I smell like a goat.
- AMICIA: Well then, welcome to your land, goat.
- SOPHIA: How do you feel?
Are you ready?
- AMICIA: I guess so.
- SOPHIA: No point in wasting time then.
- AMICIA: Wait.
Well, let's go.
- SOPHIA: As you wish.
I left the horses up there.
So...
What have you been up to these last months?
- AMICIA: Walking... Fixing the house...
Trying to exhaust myself.
- SOPHIA: Does it work?
- AMICIA: It's...
...better.
Yes...
- SOPHIA: Good.
You had me pretty worried, you know.
- AMICIA: I'm fine, Sophia.
It's been a year.
- SOPHIA: Already?
- AMICIA: And...
How's the business going?
- SOPHIA: Good.
Doing more...
...legal trading these days.
- AMICIA: Oh... What happened?
- SOPHIA: Well... I just want to live longer.
- AMICIA: Really?
- SOPHIA: I like a quiet sea
better than a storm.
Speaking of which, we'll depart tomorrow.
- AMICIA: Great.
Great.
- SOPHIA: Is our alchemist coming?
- AMICIA: Lucas?
Oh... no...
He's still on the road.
Studying.
- SOPHIA: All by himself?
They grow up so fast.
- AMICIA: He needed this.
- SOPHIA: Whew... Getting chilly.
- AMICIA: Let's pick up the pace a bit.
- SOPHIA: So... do you know
where we can put you ashore?
- AMICIA: Not yet...
But I think I'll know
when I come across the signs.
- SOPHIA: Of the Macula?
- AMICIA: Yes.
It leaves... marks on things and people.
I think...
...I can find where the next Carrier
and Protector will rise.
- SOPHIA: The next plague.
- AMICIA: I want just set the path for them.
Like Aelia did for us.
- SOPHIA: No use telling you just to rest then.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES) None.
- SOPHIA: Fine.
Ah...
It smells so good.
And the quiet...
- AMICIA: Yes...
I'll miss it.
- SOPHIA: Getting there.
(HORSE SNORES)
Boys, this is Amicia.
Be kind to her.
It's her special day.
- AMICIA: Hi.
Can you give me some time?
I have one last thing to do.
- SOPHIA: Take as much as you want.
My back's still hurt from the road.
- AMICIA: No storm coming?
- SOPHIA: You're the only one I see.
- AMICIA: I won't take too long.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
It's going to be alright.
The sea will look so flat compared to this.
(MAIN THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Come one, you're getting there.
It's me.
I'm coming in.
It's going to be alright.
Hey.
They didn't used to come here before.
I always knew you'd be good
at making friends.
I wasn't sure I was ready.
But...
Sophia's here.
I'm sorry.
Why is it so hard?
We never backed down, right?
We held...
May this earth remember
how much you loved it.
May it remember...
...all you gave to protect it.
I remember.
And I won't let it be forgotten.
(MACHINE NOISE)
(HIGH HEELS WALKING NOISE)
(PAPER NOISE)
(WRITING NOISE)
(SCREECHING NOISE)